The Nexmo Verify iOS SDK Sample App
===================================

The Nexmo Verify iOS SDK Sample App shows you how to implement the Verify SDK into a mobile App. To use this sample:

1. <a href="#prereq">Prerequisites</a>
2. <a href="#setup">Setting up the Sample App</a>
3. <a href="#run">Running the Sample App</a>

## Prerequisites<a name="prereq"></a>
1. Create a __Nexmo Account__. If you don't have one, register at: [https://dashboard.nexmo.com/register]().
2. In the Nexmo Dashboard, click *Tools* > *Verify SDK*.
3. Add your App information and click *Save*.
4. In the *My Apps* section of the page you see:
  * An __ID__: a 25 character AlNum that identifies each App that integrates the Nexmo Verify SDK.
  * A __Shared Secret__: a 15 character AlNum generated by the system.
    You use these identifiers so your App can interact with Nexmo services.
    **Note**:these identifiers are completely separate from your Nexmo __Key__ and __Secret__. You MUST NOT embed your Nexmo Key and Secret in your App.
5. Clone the Nexmo Verify iOS SDK locally from: https://github.com/Nexmo/verify-ios-sdk.

## Setting up The Sample App<a name="setup"></a>

Using the Nexmo Verify iOS SDK Sample App works exactly the same as integrating the SDK into your own app, you need to:

- Open the *VerifyIosSdk_Example* Xcode Project.

- Add VerifyIosSdk as a submodule by opening the Terminal, `cd`-ing into your top-level project directory (which in this case is *VerifyIosSdk_Example*), and entering the following command:

```bash
$ git submodule add https://github.com/nexmo/verify-ios-sdk.git
```

- Open the new `verify-ios-sdk` folder, and drag the `VerifyIosSdk.xcodeproj` into the Project Navigator of your application's Xcode project.

    > It should appear nested underneath your applications blue project icon. Whether it is above or below all the other Xcode groups does not matter.

- Select the `VerifyIosSdk.xcodeproj` in the Project Navigator and verify the deployment target matches that of your application target.
- Next, select your application project in the *Project Navigator* (blue project icon) to navigate to the target configuration window and select the application target under the *Targets* heading in the sidebar.
- In the tab bar at the top of that window, open the *General* panel.
- Click on the `+` button under the *Embedded Binaries* section.
- You will two different `VerifyIosSdk.xcodeproj` each containing the files `VerifyIosSdk.framework`, `DeviceProperties.framework` and `RequestSigning.framework`, nested inside a *Products* folder.

    > It does not matter which *Products* folder you choose from.

- Select each of the three files listed above.

    > If you are importing the SDK into an Objective-C based application you must also navigate to your target's Build Settings and enable *Embedded Content Contains Swift Code* under *Build Options*.

    > The framework files are automagically added as a target dependencies, linked frameworks and embedded frameworks in a copy files build phase which is all you need to build on the simulator and a device.

- Set your __ID__ and __shared Secret__ in the provided variables at the top of `AppDelegate.swift`: 

```swift
var applicationId = "YOUR_APP_KEY"
var sharedSecretKey = "YOUR_SECRET_KEY"
```

##Running the Sample App<a name="run"></a>

To run this sample App:

1. Click *Run* to build and run the Xcode project.

2. Follow the instructions in the App. 
